fix(api): reimplement Regex to replace shortcode. (#4161)
influxdata/docs-v2: api-docs/README.md

# API reference documentation

> ## How to update API docs for InfluxDB Cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Update API docs for InfluxDB Cloud
```

1. In your `docs-v2` directory, create a branch for your changes--for example:

   ```sh
   cd ~/github/docs-v2
   git fetch -ap
   git checkout -b release/api-cloud origin/master
   ```

2. Enter the following commands into your terminal to fetch and process the contracts:

   ```sh
   # In your terminal, go to the `docs-v2/api-docs` directory:
   cd ./api-docs

   # Fetch the contracts, apply customizations, and bundle.
   sh getswagger.sh cloud
   ```

   To troubleshoot errors, see [how to generate API docs locally](#how-to-generate-api-docs-locally).
3. Enter the following commands into your terminal to generate the API docs with Redocly:

   ```sh
   sh generate-api-docs.sh
   ```

   To troubleshoot errors, see [how to generate API docs locally](#how-to-generate-api-docs-locally).
4. Commit the changes, push your branch to `influxdata/docs-v2`, and create a PR against the `master` branch.

> ## How to update API docs for a new InfluxDB OSS version release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Update API docs for an InfluxDB OSS release
```

1. Go into your local `influxdata/openapi` repo directory--for example:

   ```sh
   cd ~/github/openapi
   ```

2. Get the SHA for the release commit (or consult Team-Edge if you're not sure)--for example, enter the following command into your terminal to get the latest SHA for `contracts/ref/oss.yml` :

   ```sh
   git log -n 1 --pretty=format:%h -- contracts/ref/oss.yml
   ```

3. Copy the SHA from the output and create a git tag for it with the pattern `influxdb-oss-v[SEMANTIC_VERSION]`:

   ```sh
   git tag influxdb-oss-v[SEMANTIC_VERSION] COMMIT_SHA
   ```

   Replace the following:

   - **`COMMIT_SHA`**: SHA from **Step 2**.
   - **`[SEMANTIC_VERSION]`**: OSS patch release number--for example: `2.3.0`.

4. Enter the following commands into your terminal to push the new tag to the repo:

   ```sh
   git push tags
   ```

5. Enter the following commands into your terminal to update `docs-release/influxdb-oss` branch to the OSS release commit, rebase or reset the branch to the [latest release of InfluxDB OSS](#how-to-find-the-api-spec-used-by-an-influxdb-oss-version).

   ```sh
   git checkout docs-release/influxdb-oss
   git rebase -i OSS_RELEASE_TAG

>    git push -f origin docs-release/influxdb-oss

Author: ```suggestion
5. Enter the following commands into your terminal to checkout a `docs-release/influxdb-oss` tracking branch, rebase the branch to the tagged release of InfluxDB OSS, and push the change to the`docs-release/influxdb-oss` remote branch:

   ```sh
   git checkout -t docs-release/influxdb-oss
   git rebase -i OSS_RELEASE_TAG
   git push -f
```

> 5. Enter the following commands into your terminal to update `docs-release/influxdb-oss` branch to the OSS release commit, rebase or reset the branch to the [latest release of InfluxDB OSS](#how-to-find-the-api-spec-used-by-an-influxdb-oss-version).
> 
>    ```sh
>    git checkout docs-release/influxdb-oss
>    git rebase -i OSS_RELEASE_TAG
>    git push -f origin docs-release/influxdb-oss
>    ```
> 
>    Replace the following:
> 
>    - **`OSS_RELEASE_TAG`**: release tag name or SHA from **Step 3**.
>   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Enter the following commands into your terminal to update `docs-release/influxdb-oss` branch to the OSS release commit and rebase the branch to the [latest release of InfluxDB OSS](#how-to-find-the-api-spec-used-by-an-influxdb-oss-version), replacing **`OSS_RELEASE_TAG`** with the SHA from step 3.

   ```sh
   git checkout docs-release/influxdb-oss
   git rebase -i OSS_RELEASE_TAG
   git push -f origin docs-release/influxdb-oss
   ```
```

6. Go into your `docs-v2` directory and create a branch for your changes--for example:

   ```sh

>    cd ~/github/docs-v2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   cd ~/docs-v2
```

   git fetch -ap
   git checkout -b release/api-oss origin/master
   ```

7. In `./api-docs`, create a directory for the new OSS version number--for example:

   ```sh
   # In your terminal, go to the `docs-v2/api-docs` directory:
   cd ./api-docs

   # Create the directory:
   mkdir v2.3
   ```

> 8. Enter the following commands into your terminal to fetch and process the contracts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. In `mkdir v2.3`, enter the following commands into your terminal to fetch and process the contracts:
```

   ```sh
   # Fetch the contracts, apply customizations, and bundle.
   sh getswagger.sh oss
   ```

>    To troubleshoot errors, see [how to generate API docs locally](#how-to-generate-api-docs-locally).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

9. Enter the following commands into your terminal to generate the API docs with Redocly:

   ```sh
   sh generate-api-docs.sh
   ```

   To troubleshoot errors, see [how to generate API docs locally](#how-to-generate-api-docs-locally).
10. Commit the changes, push your branch to `influxdata/docs-v2`, and create a PR against the `master` branch.

> ## How to update API docs for OSS spec changes between releases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Update API docs for OSS spec changes between releases
```

Follow these steps to update OSS API docs between version releases--for example, after revising description fields in `influxdata/openapi`.

1. Go into your local `influxdata/openapi` repo directory--for example:

   ```sh
   cd ~/github/openapi
   ```

2. Enter the following commands into your terminal to checkout `docs-release/influxdb-oss` branch:

   ```sh
   git fetch -ap

>    git checkout -t docs-release/influxdb-oss

Reviewer: does it have to be `docs-release`?

   ```

> 3. Cherry-pick the new documentation commits into the release branch and push to the remote branch--for example:
> 
>    ```sh
>    git cherry-pick [COMMIT_SHAs]
>    git push -f origin docs-release/influxdb-oss
>    ```
> 
>    Replace the following:
> 
>    - **`[COMMIT_SHAs]`**: one or more commit SHAs (space-separated).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Cherry-pick the commits with the updated description fields, and push the commits to the remote branch, replacing **`[COMMIT_SHAs]`** (one or more commit SHAs (space-separated))--for example:

   ```sh
   git cherry-pick [COMMIT_SHAs]
   git push -f origin docs-release/influxdb-oss
   ```
```

>    - **`[COMMIT_SHAs]`**: one or more commit SHAs (space-separated).

Author: ```suggestion
3. Cherry-pick the commits with the updated description fields and push the commits to the remote branch, replacing **`[COMMIT_SHAs]`** (one or more commit SHAs (space-separated))--for example:

   ```sh
   git cherry-pick [COMMIT_SHAs]
   git push -f
   ```
```

  
4. Go into your `docs-v2` directory and create a branch for your changes--for example:

   ```sh
   cd ~/github/docs-v2
   git fetch -ap
   git checkout -b docs/api-oss origin/master
   ```

5. Go into `./api-docs` directory--for example:

   ```sh
   # In your terminal, go to the `docs-v2/api-docs` directory:
   cd ./api-docs
   ```

6. Enter the following commands into your terminal to fetch and process the contracts:

   ```sh
   # Fetch the contracts, apply customizations, and bundle.
   sh getswagger.sh oss
   ```

7. Enter the following commands into your terminal to generate the API docs with Redocly:

   ```sh
   sh generate-api-docs.sh
   ```

8. Commit the changes, push your branch to `influxdata/docs-v2`, and create a PR against the `master` branch.

> ## How to generate InfluxDB API docs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Generate InfluxDB API docs
```

### InfluxDB Cloud version

> Because InfluxDB Cloud releases are frequent and not versioned, we make no effort to version the
> Cloud API spec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
InfluxDB Cloud releases are frequent and not versioned, so the Cloud API spec isn't versioned.
```
